so the babies are right from Australia
I'm going to show one right now well
it'll be a whole video so I have to put
the other one together the pics me but
I'm Jackee got a gift from Monica tambri
got some gifts from Georgia but she's
gonna wait till George's up to Skype
with her is it oh my gosh she's so cute
oh I know who are recording
wait mommy this is what I think it is I
see a baby is got with a pink baby it's
naked mom so she's not cold I can't
believe it or fairy she's all in her
hakama oh she's adorable
oh my god she's super cute thank you so
much
look at her hot she's big they need a
little bad I'm gonna have to look on
eBay oh my gosh she looks so real Oh
Monica huh you're so silly
oh my god she looks so real she like
matches your skin yeah she matches my
skin colors oh my goodness I got a we
heard this she looks Australian
experience yeah
oh my goodness she's so cute oh my god
she's so big she is she's amazing Oh
she is so nice you need to get back into
paintings yeah you dope this is amazing
and her haircut
her hair is amazing oh my goodness she's
so cute
this is journey guys and then I'm gonna
we're gonna pause the video and I gotta
put together Elijah and then I will show
them all again okay so here's Elijah
he's together and he is so adorable
these little ones are just so perfect I
there's super realistic I cannot tell
you Monica how much these dogs are so
realistic and sweet and oh my gosh
telling you lady you need to start
painting because these are they're just
perfect I can't
I'm sorry guys for going over and over
but they are just so perfect anyways
that's them look forward to seeing more
videos with journey and Elijah
I'm so excited and thank you for
watching